Title: Peace Coordinator
Description: The Peace Project Team is responsible for following up on the former laureates of the Student Peace Prize, which is awarded biannually to a student/(-organization) working for peace, human rights, and democracy. The Peace Coordinator is a vital part of this work and will be responsible for coordinating one of our projects.


As a Peace Coordinator you will get freedom in the preparation of the project. You will help decide which of our projects you will work on. As Peace Coordinator you have the possibility to be creative, which allows you to shape the project and make it yours. You will also be a part of the Peace Project board, and will be in charge of delegating work to the Peace Keepers.


You will get leadership experience, in addition to experience with planning and executing a project. You will learn about the laureates and the Student Peace Prize. And, moreover, you will work with the amazing people in the Peace Project, and all ISFiT. If this sounds interesting, then you should apply to be a Peace Coordinator! If you have any questions, feel free to contact me, the Head of Peace Project. 


Aurora S. Bjørlo,  41299270, aurora.bjoerlo@isfit.no
 
Title: Peace Keeper 
Description: The Peace Project Team is responsible for following up on the former laureates of the Student Peace Prize, which is awarded biannually to a student/(-organization) working for peace, human rights, and democracy. The Peace Keepers are the foundation of the Peace Project. They are doing the work to ensure our projects come to life.


As a Peace Keeper you will work on different projects depending both on your own desires and the needs of the team. Some of the planned projects include inviting a former laureate to Norway and putting up exhibitions about the prize and our laureates on campuses around Norway. We are also planning on doing more projects, and as a Project Keeper you will be able to help decide what they should be and how they should be executed.


You will learn about the former laureates and the Student Peace Prize. You will also learn about project planning and execution. And, moreover, you will get to work with the amazing people in the Peace Project, and the rest of ISFiT. If this sounds interesting, then you should apply to be a Peace Keeper! If you have any questions, feel free to contact me, the Head of the Peace Project. 


Aurora S. Bjørlo,  41299270, aurora.bjoerlo@isfit.no