Title: Marketing Coordinator
Description: At the heart of ISFiT is the firm belief that in order to create a better world, we
need to communicate with one another. Do you want to witness the unfolding of different points of view surrounding the theme “Creating Knowledge” and make sure everyone else sees it too?


As the Marketing Coordinator for the Plenary Sessions you will be the link between the different sections and make sure that all the information surrounding the sessions and its themes are conveyed to others. Your main tasks will consist of promoting the Plenary Sessions and the theme of the festival, enjoying creative work in order to make the program look captivating and interesting, working with PR to express the purposes of the Plenary Sessions through different mediums, as well as communicating closely with the different boards and sections.


There are no requirements apart from your motivation! If this sounds fun and interesting to you, or if you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.


Ole M. Nesset, 95449339, Ole-marius.nesset@isfit.no


Title: Economy Coordinator 
Description: Are you an organized person who is good with numbers? The theme for this
edition of ISFiT is “Creating Knowledge”, and this is an important time to be discussing the
different bodies and structures of knowledge. 


If you are interested in dialogue and debate, becoming the Economy Coordinator for the Plenary Sessions for ISFiT21 might be for you. As an Economy Coordinator you will be responsible for the financial aspects of the Plenary Sessions, meaning that you will be managing our budgets and accounting, communicating closely with the other sections as well as your own group, applying for funding, booking hotels and flights as well as making deals with the ISFiT collaborators. 


Working as an Economy Coordinator requires no prior experience, only your commitment. If you have any questions regarding this position, do not hesitate to contact me.


Ole M. Nesset, 95449339, ole-marius.nesset@isfit.no


Title: Debate Coordinator
Description: Are you a nuanced person who sees things from multiple perspectives? If you are interested in conversations, debates, and differences of opinion and want to take part in a dialectical process, becoming a Debate Coordinator might be for you.


The Plenary Sessions Team organizes the different talks and debates that will be held during the festival, according to our theme of “Creating Knowledge”. As a Debate Coordinator, you will have a wide variety of different tasks, including getting in touch with and inviting the speakers, booking venues and moderators, creating the programs, working thematically and finding topics of conversation, suggesting who we might invite, as well as helping prepare and manage the Plenary Sessions.


There are no requirements for this position, but calmness, cooperativeness, and friendliness are virtues that go a long way, as these are some of the values we want to spread to the world. If you have any questions regarding this position, do not hesitate to contact me.


Ole M. Nesset, 95449339, Ole-marius.nesset@isfit.no