Title: Content Creator
Description: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat and Youtube - you’ve probably heard of all of these before. Do you want to use them to reach thousands of students around the world with captivating texts, funny pictures, or interesting videos? Do you want to join us in developing digital marketing for ISFiT21?


We are looking for Content Creators who can contribute to communicating ISFiT and our theme “Creating Knowledge” across digital platforms. The Social Media Team will work on developing and enacting creative ideas to inform the rest of the world about everything that is going on before and during the festival, building ISFiT as a brand, raising awareness around different aspects of creating knowledge, as well as recruiting volunteers and participants.


No former experience is required for this position, only a motivation to work with social media and a desire to captivate our followers with innovative content. We want people with creative ideas who take initiative and like working towards achieving goals in a creative, yet strategic way. The position will fit those who like to think outside the box, are motivated, and like working with others. If this sounds interesting, apply to be a Social Media Manager! If you have any big, small, or tiny questions, don’t hesitate to get in touch!

Lan La, 46458566, lan.la@isfit.no






Title: Analyst
Description: Are you interested in social media? Or do you want to learn more about it while having lots of fun? Communication is looking for Social Media Analysts who will evaluate and analyze the marketing measures made on social media in order to optimize further measures and ads. 


No former experience is required for this position, only a motivation to learn and work with social media, and a desire to make the content on our platforms even better. We want people with an analytical mindset who take initiative and like working towards achieving goals in a creative, yet strategic way. The position fits those who like structured work, are good at seeing patterns, and like working with others. 


If this sounds interesting, apply to be a Social Media Analyst! If you have any big, small, or tiny questions, don’t hesitate to get in touch! 


Lan La, 46458566, lan.la@isfit.no