Title: Ticket Sales Coordinator
Description: Do you want to be a part of ISFiT21 Event Board? Do you want to manage the execution of the events in the world’s largest student festival? If so, you should apply for the Ticket Sales Coordinator position!
 As Ticket Sales Coordinator you will be responsible for all tickets for the events in ISFiT-21. The position entails communicating ticket specifications to the IT Department and keeping an overview of the sales. Together with the rest of the board you will participate in weekly meetings and lead the Event Group working at Samfundet during the festival. The Event Board is responsible for the execution of all ISFiT-events held at Studentersamfundet. As part of it you will get a new understanding of Samfundet’s inner functions. This also includes a great opportunity to meet other volunteers!
While earlier experience from Samfundet is appreciated, it is not a necessity. The only requirement is a will to work towards making ISFiT-21 as great as possible and a desire to socialize. If you have any questions about this position do not hesitate to contact me by mail or meet me for an informal chat.
 Oscar M. Steen, 915 20 858, oscar.steen@isfit.no


Title: Theme Party Team Member
Description: It's Party Time! The Event Team is looking for team members for the Theme Party Team, which will be responsible for everything related to the Theme Party during ISFiT21. Your responsibilities as a member of this jolly crew include planning the party and its theme, setting up everything needed for the event, working the day of the event and, most importantly - meeting loads of new people and having lots of fun!


In addition to the above, the position includes being a member of the Event Team. Here you get to contribute to ISFiT21’s Culture Program. We work with other teams in the Culture Section to make sure that every event runs as smoothly as possible. Other tasks include helping with the preparation of other events, working in “Luka”, and checking admissions. 


Do you like arranging small hangouts with your buddies or huge parties for your student union, or maybe you’re curious about Samfundet? If so, this is the place for you! No former experience is required, but motivation is highly appreciated! If this sounds fun and exciting, or you have any questions, please contact me for a noncommittal chat!


Marius Johan Holm Johansen, 922 01 733, marius.holm-johansen@isfit.no




Title: Personnel Coordinator 
Description: Do you want to be part of ISFiT21 Event Board? Do you want to manage the execution of the events in the world’s largest student festival? If so, you should apply for the Personnel Coordinator position!
 As Personnel Coordinator you will work as an HR Manager for the entire Event Group, but mainly the later additions to the team. This entails ensuring the welfare of the individual team members, managing shift lists and also planning social events for the entire team. You will also be a frontrunner for disease prevention at Samfundet due to the COVID-19 situation along with others. Together with the rest of the board you will participate in weekly meetings and lead the Event Group working at Samfundet during the festival. The Event Board is responsible for the execution of all ISFiT-events held at Studentersamfundet. As a part of it you will get a new understanding of Samfundet’s inner functions. This also includes a great opportunity to meet new people and other volunteers!
While earlier experience from Samfundet is appreciated, it is not a necessity. The only requirement is a will to work towards making ISFiT-21 as great as possible and a desire to socialize. If you have any questions about this position do not hesitate to contact me by mail or meet me for an informal chat.
Oscar M. Steen, 915 20 858, oscar.steen@isfit.no