Title: Internal Social Arena Managers 
Description: Do you like to spread happiness, and make sure people around you have fun? If so, you should apply for Internal Events! Internal Event’s purpose is to make sure the volunteers have a great time in-between work, through memorable events.
As one of the Internal Social Arena Managers (ISAMs) you will have a joint mission of managing the economy and operations of ISFiT’s social arena / bar. You will, among other tasks, arrange theme parties, buy the necessities for said parties and other amazing gatherings and learn how to operate ISFiT’s social arena. In addition to said tasks, you will assist and work with the rest of the Internal Events Team in even larger collaborative projects. In essence, the job of an ISAM is to improve upon the already great experience of being an ISFiT-volunteer, as well as having fun along the way yourself. The remainder of what the job entails will remain a secret for now.
Does this sound interesting? Then apply for the position as an Internal Social Arena Manager in the Internal Events Team! No former experience is required. If you have any questions or want a few more hints as to what the position might include, do not hesitate to contact me, and we can meet up for a chat. 
Henrik Gobakken, 94195300, henrik.gobakken@isfit.no


Title: Internal Events Planner
Description: Do you like to spread happiness, and make sure people around you have fun? Have you ever wanted to arrange big parties and just generally watch people have a nice time, all thanks to you? Then this is definitely the place for you. Our purpose here in the Internal Events Team is to make sure all the volunteers in ISFiT have a great time in-between work, through memorable events. 


As an Internal Events Planner your main task will be to assist in arranging a few bigger events like the Christmas Ball or the Celebration Ball. In between you will also help with smaller social gatherings with the whole Internal Events Team.  


Does this sound interesting? Join us and find your inner Gatsby. Apply for the Internal Events Planner before it’s too late. No experience required, only a lot of good mood and motivation. If you have any questions, hit us up for a little chat. We’re looking forward to hearing from you.


Lars Bolstad // Kristian Hansen // Pia Fjeldstad
917 91 004 // 408 88 633 // 958 73 677
lars.bolstad@isfit.no // kristian.hansen@isfit.no // pia.fjeldstad@isfit.no