Title: Coordinator of Mobility
Description: Are you passionate about finding green transport solutions? Are you excited about building a great team? Do you want to expand your network and make a lot of new friends? Then Coordinator of Mobility is without doubt the position for you!


As the Coordinator of Mobility, both structured work and the ability to use creative approaches to solve problems will be useful. You will gain valuable leadership experience from being a part of the Transport Board as the link between the driving crews and the rest of ISFiT. Your tasks will span from finding relevant business partners and coordinating transportation to implementing a system for organizing transport.


Does this sound appealing to you? Apply for Coordinator of Mobility! Previous experience is not required. Any questions regarding the position? Ask!


Haavard Naes, 900 61 895, haavard.naess@isfit.no




Title: Coordinator of ISFiT Rail
Description: Do you want to help minimize the ecological footprint of ISFiT? Does organizing an adventure hundreds of people will remember for life sound interesting? Do you want to expand your network and make lots of new friends? Then the position as Coordinator of ISFiT Rail is a perfect fit for you!


As Coordinator of ISFiT Rail, you will gain valuable leadership experience through managing the entire project from start to finish. Your tasks will include constructing and supervising elements of your own organization to carry out ISFiT Rail, communicate with the train company and the participants, as well as planning the program.


Stoked? Apply for the position as Coordinator of ISFiT Rail! Previous experience is not required, and if you have any questions: Ask!


Haavard Naes, 900 61 895, haavard.naess@isfit.no




Title: Driving Crew Manager
Description: Do you want to expand your network and gain lots of new friends? Does the idea of helping people reach their destination tickle your fancy? Do you prefer tackling problems hands on? Then Driving Crew Manager is definitely the position for you.


As a Driving Crew Manager you will be essential in creating a fail-safe framework for the festival transportation service. Tasks before the festival include scheduling transportation as well as being a point of contact for the drivers. During the festival your main responsibilities would be supervising the drivers and coming up with solutions to unforeseen problems.


Does this sound appealing to you? Apply for Driving Crew Manager! Previous experience is not required. Any questions? Ask!


Haavard Naes, 900 61 895, haavard.naess@isfit.no