Title: Assistant Head of Coverage
Description: Would you like to explore your creative side by contributing with articles or do your strengths lean more towards organising? Then Assistant Head of Coverage might be the position for you!


As Assistant Head of Coverage you will help run the team responsible for creating the ISFiT-magazine, running point on creating content for the website and working alongside the team on press related tasks. You will also well get valuable leadership experience as we delve into the ISFiT21 theme of Creating Knowledge. 


If this sounds interesting, apply for Assistant Head of Coverage! No former experience is required for this position, only a will to do a great job for ISFiT21 and a desire to make next year’s festival an amazing experience for both volunteers and participants. If you have any questions about the position, please don’t hesitate to reach out over phone or e-mail for an informal chat.  


Hanne Mortensen Rustad, 90949021, hanne.rustad@isfit.no 




Title: Magazine Executive
Description: Do you have a secret dream of publishing your own magazine? An inner desire to interview exciting people, write articles, and follow the process from idea to reality? Then you should apply for Magazine Executive!


As Magazine Executive, you will be one of two leaders of the Journalist Team of ISFiT. Each festival we create a unique ISFiT magazine relating to the theme. The Magazine Executive has the ability to shape the magazine and use their creativity when developing the magazine. This includes creating content, working with other volunteer journalists and the ISFiT organization as a whole. 


Does this sound interesting? I strongly encourage you to apply! There are no requirements for this position other than being motivated and open for new experiences. Do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions about the position. 


Hanne Mortensen Rustad, 90949021, hanne.rustad@isfit.no   


Title: Website Executive
Description: Do you love writing, sharing important stories, and editing? Are you a team player that can lead a group of journalists in spreading the word about ISFiT? Do you want to be in charge of the content on the ISFiT website? Then Website Executive is the position for you!


As Website Executive, you work as the editor of the ISFiT website. This includes creating content, being creative, publishing stories, and leading a team of motivated journalists. We are looking for someone who can take our website to the next level! You will work closely with the IT Team and meet volunteers from all of the sections of ISFiT. We do not require any relevant experience, just the will and motivation to learn. The Website Executive is in a special position because you have the chance to be creative and shape the website in the direction you want. 


Are you curious about the position, or do you want to know more? Do not hesitate to contact me with any question, I would love to have a chat with you and tell you why you should apply for Website Executive!


Hanne Mortensen Rustad, 90949021, hanne.rustad@isfit.no   


Title: Journalist 
Description: Do you love writing and sharing stories? Are you eager to interview interesting people and expand your horizons by gaining new knowledge? Then you should become a journalist for ISFiT!


We are looking for journalists to join our team! Our journalists will work with creating content for our magazine and website prior to the festival. During the festival, they will work as press agents and help us spread the word about ISFiT. This position gives you the opportunity to be creative and create your own stories. In addition, you will meet tons of volunteers of ISFiT and other interesting people, as well as working with different local and national newspapers and magazines. We do not require any relevant experience, just the will to learn and the ability to create a compelling story. You will be writing mostly in English, but we have a team of proofreaders to help us with the language of the texts. 


Does this sound intriguing? Do you want some more information about the position? I would love to have an informal chat with you!


Hanne Mortensen Rustad, 90 94 90 21, hanne.rustad@isfit.no




Title: Language Editor
Description: Can you write good? Did that sentence annoy you? Then Language Editor may be the position for you!


As a Language Editor, you will work with proofreading ISFiT’s written material and safeguarding against typos and grammatical errors. You will work with our press team, magazine team, website team, and the rest of the organization to help us stay professional and publishing-perfect. Only your strong backbone, eye for detail, and love of language can protect us from Norenglish!
If you are motivated by the proper amount of spite, then this may be a good position for you! No previous experience is required, but a good grasp of the English language (and preferably also Norwegian) is recommended. 


If you have any questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out for an informal chat.


Margaret Naylor, 41333877, margaret.naylor@isfit.no