Title: Project Coordinator 
Description: Do you want to book the headliner of the Performing Arts Program for ISFiT21? As a Project Coordinator of Performing Arts, you will be a part of ISFiT’s Culture Section. No previous experience is required, as long as you are motivated! However, being organized and structured will come in handy.


Some of your tasks as a Project Coordinator will be to contact national and international agencies and to book performers and venues. Use your imagination to cultivate a captivating cultural program that will bring attention to important topics!


Together with the rest of the Performing Arts Team, you will create a broad cultural program based on the theme of ISFiT21, “Creating Knowledge”. Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. I will gladly sit down with you to answer your questions about the position!


Ida Marie Mauseth, 47274167, ida-marie.mauseth@isfit.no


Title: Marketing Coordinator 
Description: Do you want to communicate the importance of Creating Knowledge to a wide and varied audience? As the Marketing Coordinator of Performing Arts, you will be a part of ISFiT’s Culture Section. No previous experience is required as long as you are motivated! However, being organized and structured will come in handy.


One of your tasks as the Marketing Coordinator will be to communicate with other Marketing Coordinators from the Culture Section and the Communication Section. You will also be a part of both the Performing Arts Board and the Communication Board for Culture. In addition to managing communication, you will participate in the work of planning events for Performing Arts and be working with PR for the events.


Together with the rest of the Performing Arts Team, you will create a broad cultural program based on the theme of ISFiT21, “Creating Knowledge”. Do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions. I will gladly sit down with you to answer your questions about the position!


Ida Marie Mauseth, 47 74167, ida-marie.mauseth@isfit.no