Title: Assistant Coordinator of Business and Welfare
Description: Would you like to be social and at the same time coordinate food, finances, and folks for the biggest student festival in the world? Are you a creative soul with bright ideas on how one can do this in a sustainable way? Then this is the position for you! 


You will be part of the Welfare Team, dedicated to the wellbeing of all the wonderful participants and volunteers during ISFiT21! Up to and during the festival, you will have an exciting role of creating an awesome atmosphere both in the Welfare Team and in the whole festival. You will plan social happenings and coordinate food along with sponsors so that everyone has a full stomach and is happy.
If you have any questions at all, do not hesitate to ask! No previous experience is needed.


Trym Synnevåg, 95785624, trym.synnevaag@isfit.no 




Title: Assistant Coordinator of Chill
Description: Are you a creative and enthusiastic soul who wants to lead, plan and design a project from scratch? Do you want to work in what is going to be the most wholesome and cozy team in ISFiT? 
 
As is tradition, ISFiT has a lounge at Samfundet where participants get to hang out in their spare time. In the Chillout Lounge in the past there has been the chance to grab a coffee or a snack as well as different events and activities. The best part? As one of those making this lounge happen, you will be able to decide what events you think will bring the most people together! Together with the Coordinator of Chill you will have a lot of creative freedom in making this the lounge of your dreams. 
 
Do you want to develop your planning and coordination skills? Get valuable experience as a project leader? AND get a lot of new friends just as enthusiastic as you? Then apply for Chillout Coordinator! We would love to have you on board as a member of the ISFiT and Welfare family. If you have any questions at all, do not hesitate to ask! No previous experience is needed.
Vigdis Pedersen, 98838335, vigdis.pedersen@isfit.no 




Title: Executive Business Manager
Description: Are you an outgoing person that is interested in convincing businesses to sponsor food and materials for the ISFIT festival in 2021? Do you want to create a broader network of businesses and friends both locally in Trondheim and internationally? 


The Welfare Team on its way to deliver welfare to participants and volunteers of ISFiT21. As an Executive Business Manager you will be responsible for contacting and making deals with sponsors. You will also be a part of the cozy and social Welfare Team. Throughout the planning of the festival you will improve your ability to contact and make conversation with new people. 


Does this sound interesting to you? Apply for the Business Manager position in the Welfare Team! No former experience is required. If you have any questions, do not hesitate to ask!

Trym Synnevåg, 95785624, trym.synnevaag@isfit.no 




Title: Executive Chillout Manager
Description: The Welfare Team is looking for adventurous souls to join us in our quest to make ISFiT21 the most amazing student festival ever! Together we will plan, build, and manage projects reaching out to participants and volunteers from around the world. Welcome to the most wholesome and cozy team in ISFiT!


As Executive Chillout Manager you will contribute in developing the Chillout Lounge concept and decide what it’s going to look like! You will have your own group of Welfare Members enrolled in October that will help you execute your tasks in designing and making the lounge. We will be working as a close team here in Welfare and you will make tons of new friends! 
If you have any questions at all, do not hesitate to ask! No previous experience is needed.
Vigdis Pedersen, 98838335, vigdis.pedersen@isfit.no