Title: Tour Coordinator
Description: The Student Peace Prize was founded by students wondering why we didn’t have a prize given by students to students - the future world leaders. The Coordination Team plans a tour around Norway to motivate and teach students about the laureate’s peace efforts, as well as arranging debates and plenary sessions.


After the announcement of the winner of the Student Peace Prize in October, the main job for the Coordination Team is to shed light on the winner´s struggle for democracy, peace and human rights. We do this by giving the laureate platforms to speak about their cause by arranging debates or plenary sessions; inviting intriguing speakers and creating fruitful discussions with the laureate. Your job as a Tour Coordinator is to organize debates in the different cities and motivate students from all of Norway to understand the cause of the laureate. This will happen through partnerships with human rights and student organizations in the cities we choose to go to. It is your/our main task to be the link between the organizations and us to plan and execute the debates. This is a great opportunity for you to create a new network across Norway!  


If this is a job you feel you would thrive at, apply now and write down your motivation for this position, and what you feel you could contribute with. No former experience is required, only the will to make a change and come with ideas the Peace Tour would be something to remember for all involved. If you have any questions please don’t hesitate to reach out over phone or email. 


Sofie Hjorthol Grønset, 91 99 12 10, sofie.groenset@isfit.no



Title: Participants Support Organizer
Description: Does being in charge of organizing the application process of the biggest international student festival sound thrilling to you? ISFiT is now recruiting Participants Support Organizers!

The Participants Support Organizer will be in charge of organizing the participant application process throughout the semester. To do this we will need Participant Support Organizers to help in planning application review weeks, selecting some of the applicants who will get to travel to Norway for ISFiT21, and help preparing and sending out emails to all the applicants. In other words, you will be a vital link between the applicants and the rest of ISFiT. So if you have a budding talent for organizing tasks and wish to contribute in aiding and selecting applicants, then this is the task for you! Apply for Participants Support Organizer!

If there is anything else you are wondering regarding the position, feel free to contact me and I will be more than happy to help you! 

Maja Sung Hee Jenssen, 93697988, maja.jenssen@isfit.no



Title: Participants Accountant
Description: Maybe you’re interested in inviting the students that are participating to the festival, but you’re also into managing finances! ISFiT supports participants in need with traveling costs. To help these students out, we need your help!

Participant Accountants will be in charge of managing the funding system for inviting participants to Trondheim. To make this happen, Participant Accountants will be in communication with external funding organizations or even search for more potential sponsors. You will also be revising the travel aid criteria to sort out who will be receiving the funds, eventually selecting some students out of the applicants, and making sure the funds are delivered! So if you enjoy handling financial projects and are excited to see the participants traveling safely thanks to your help, I strongly recommend this position for you!
If there’s anything you’re wondering about regarding the Participants Accountant position, please don’t hesitate to reach out.  I’d be more than happy to help you out!
Yuna Shin, 40569392, yuna.shin@isfit.no

Title: Premium Ambassadors Organizer
Description: Are you good at organizing groups and communicating with individuals? ISFiT will be choosing a small number of Premium Ambassadors (PAs) out of the 100 Ambassadors who will be helping us promote the festival around the world. 
These PAs are granted a seat at the festival, as well as the opportunity to make an impact on the festival. What kind of impact they would like to have will be designed for the participants themselves. Your task will be to find a suitable role for the invited ambassadors, arrange a platform for them to influence ISFiT21, and be their main contact person. You will also assist the Participant Marketing Coordinator in choosing the Premium Ambassadors.


Through the assignment you will get to know several sections of ISFiT, as you will have the freedom to contact other teams for organizing events, discussions, lectures, workshops or anything that may be in line with what the PAs envision. Along with this, you will get to know the international students before they arrive. If you are confident in your ability to coordinate and excited to be part of new social environments, I urge you to apply. If you have any questions regarding the position, please do not hesitate to contact me!
Tom Brhanu Cranner Karlsen, 92696844, tom.karlsen@isfit.no 



Title: Dialogue Facilitator 
Position description: Are you interested in learning more about peace building and dialogue as well as being part of a unique project where you get to experience how dialogue can bring people from all over the world together? Would you like to facilitate dialogues between people of different worldviews and origins? 

The Dialogue Team is the part of ISFiT that works with peace building in practice, and in pursuit of this invites students from different sides of conflicts to meet and talk on neutral ground. This year's focus areas are Poland and Hungary. You will be a part of the Dialogue Team and cooperate with other facilitators and a Coordinator for one of the focus areas. The purpose of the Dialogue Seminar is to create understanding between the participants and to pass on dialogue as a tool towards a less polarised society. 

Your responsibility as a Dialogue Facilitator will be following up the participants from this year's focus areas, interacting with and partaking in the seminar alongside them, and moderating the Dialogue Seminar. You will acquire valuable facilitating experience and learn to work within a small team. No requirements are needed to apply for the position, as you will learn and grow with the people you work with. Open minded people with eagerness to learn and challenge themselves are strongly encouraged to apply.

If you have any questions about the position or just want a casual chat, don’t hesitate to contact me!

Ylva Ullahammer, 45 29 44 68, ylva.bordsenius@isfit.no



