Title: Social Media Coordinator
Description: Are you interested in communication and want to get hands-on experience with digital marketing, as well as exploring your creative sides? We are looking for a talented Social Media Coordinator to join the Communication Team of the Student Peace Prize. The prize is awarded biannually to a student or student organization that has strived to promote peace, human rights, and democracy. 


As a Social Media Coordinator, you will lead the team administering our SoMe-channels (Instagram, Facebook and Twitter), as well as updating our web page with the latest news. The Social Media Team will consist of the Social Media Coordinator and Social Media Content Creators. Together you will be responsible for planning and creating original content, managing posts and responding to followers. The position also involves being a part of the Student Peace Prize Communication Board with the Press and Media Coordinator and the Head of Communication. 


No former experience is required for this position. Still, it would be an advantage if you are familiar with the social media channels we use and like to stay updated on the latest social media trends. If you are interested in learning more about the position or the Student Peace Prize, don’t hesitate to contact me! Or look up the Student Peace Prize on social media ;)


Amalie Vågen Ystebø, 473 91 020, amalie.ysteboe@isfit.no 




Title: Social Media Content Creator
Description: Are you interested in communication and want to get hands-on experience with digital marketing, as well as exploring your creative sides? We are looking for Social Media Content Creators to join the Communication Team of the Student Peace Prize. The prize is awarded biannually to a student or student organization that has strived to promote peace, human rights, and democracy. 


As a Content Creator, you will be planning and creating original content for our social media channels (Instagram, Facebook, Twitter), managing posts and responding to followers. The Social Media Team consists of the Social Media Coordinator and Content Creators. 


No former experience is required for this position. Still, it would be an advantage if you are familiar with the social media channels we use and like to stay updated on the latest social media trends. If you are interested in learning more about the position or the Student Peace Prize, don’t hesitate to contact me! Or look up the Student Peace Prize on social media ;)


Amalie Vågen Ystebø, 473 91 020, amalie.ysteboe@isfit.no




Title: Press and Media Assistant 
Description: Are you interested in journalism, or would you like to get hands-on experience with media outreach? The Student Peace Prize is recruiting Press and Media Assistants who will be working with communicating the prize through press and media. The Prize is awarded biannually to a student or student organization that has strived to promote peace, human rights, and democracy. 


As a Press and Media Assistant, you will join The Communication Team of The Student Peace Prize. Together with the Press and Media Coordinator, you will reach out to local, national and international press and media, and share information about The Student Peace Prize. Tasks will consist of developing a press strategy, writing press releases, scheduling interviews, and overall having a central role in announcing the Student Peace Prize winner. The main goal for the Communication Team is a broader recognition of the Prize among the public.


No former experience is required for this position. Still, it would be an advantage if you’re up to date with the news and like to tell stories with interesting angles. The winner of the Student Peace Prize 2021 is definite to have a good story which deserves to be told, and it will be our privilege to share. If you are interested in learning more about the position or the Student Peace Prize, don’t hesitate to contact me!


Maria Skage El-Yousef, 450 97 399, maria.el-yousef@isfit.no