Title: Ceremony Producer
Description: Do you want to be part of creating something big and remarkable? If so, this position is for you. You will be the producer of one of ISFiT’s three spectacular and acknowledged ceremonies. ISFiT kicks off with a grand Opening Ceremony, followed by a Student Peace Prize Ceremony where we honor the winner of the Student Peace Prize, before the festival ends with an unforgettable Closing Ceremony.
For this position we are looking for an imaginative and innovative person that wants to create an unforgettable ceremony. Alongside Head of Ceremony, Assistant Head of Ceremony and the rest of the team, you will put together a variety of performances that reflect the theme of ISFiT21: Creating Knowledge. That includes music, performing arts, hosts, speakers and more! We are now looking for producers for the Opening Ceremony and the Closing Ceremony. Please make it clear in your application which ceremony you would like to be the producer of!
You don’t need any experience, just enthusiasm and a willingness to learn! Does this sound interesting, or do you want more information? Feel free to take contact or call for an informal chat.
Hilde Nærland, 48 49 40 91, hilde.naerland@isfit.no




Title: Stage Designer
Description: The Ceremony Team are now looking for Stage Designers who can help create the visual expression of the festival’s three Ceremonies; The Opening, Student Peace Prize and Closing Ceremony. 


As a Stage Designer, you are responsible for bringing ISFIT’s theme “Creating Knowledge” to life through the Stage Design. In addition to creating the expression and decorating the ceremony stages, you will be helping the Ceremony Team with developing and planning the ceremonies. We are looking for imaginative and creative people for this position. You will work closely with the Ceremony Producers. 


You don’t need any experience, just enthusiasm and creative ideas! Does this sound interesting, or do you want more information? Feel free to take contact or call for an informal chat.


Hilde Nærland, 48 49 40 91, hilde.naerland@isfit.no