Title: Stunt Coordinator
Description: Do you love engaging people with your ideas? Do you have a sparkling and energetic personality? Would you like to use that to start up creative activities that will promote ISFiT21 at NTNU and in Trondheim? Then Stunt Coordinator is the position you are looking for.
As Stunt Coordinator you will be part of the Marketing Team at ISFiT21 and lead a stunt group that will brainstorm and put stunt ideas in action. You will learn how to engage students with ISFiT and its featured theme of Creating Knowledge through fun, exciting, and challenging activities.
No previous experience in marketing is needed for this job! All you need to have is an active personality and like getting out of your comfort zone. If you wish to know more details about this position before you apply, feel free to contact the head of marketing at ISFiT21 over phone or via email. The rest of the team and I can’t wait to finally be working with you!
Ola Mæle, 99450511, ola.maele@isfit.no 


Title: Stunter
Description: Do you love going out of your way to be spectacular, engaging, or to spread awareness about something? Then become a Stunter!
Your job will be to take to the streets, parks, and schools of Trondheim in spectacular fashion. You will, along with your coordinator, plan the most engaging, fun, and eye-catching stunts possible to garner attention towards our festival and show the whole city and further beyond that we mean business and that we have a message that everyone should know about!
No previous experience as a stunter is needed. The only thing we need from you is a wish to share ISFiT21 and our theme "Creating Knowledge" to as many people as possible. If you wish to know more details about this position before you apply, feel free to contact the head of marketing at ISFiT21 over phone or via email. The rest of the team and I can’t wait to finally be working with you!
Ola Mæle, 99450511, ola.maele@isfit.no 


Title: Public Display Coordinator
Description: Do you like to promote your ideas in public spaces? Would you like to see ISFiT21’s profile and identity spread across Trondheim’s cityscape? Then Public Display Coordinator is the position you are looking for.
As Public Display Coordinator at ISFiT you will be responsible for managing projects that will spread the image of the festival in Trondheim’s public spaces. Projects like painting the ISFiT logo on the city’s walls are examples of what you will be doing with the group you will lead. You will have to make sure that all students and inhabitants in Trondheim know about the festival and its featured theme of ‘Creating Knowledge’. This experience will not only develop your marketing and communication skills but will also provide you with great insights about how to manage projects and contact different stakeholders in the city.
No experience in marketing or project management is needed for this job! You just need to be motivated and have a creative and open mind. If you wish to ask questions or know more details about this position before you apply, feel free to contact the Head of Marketing at ISFiT21 over phone or via email. The rest of the team and I can’t wait to finally be working with you!
Ola Mæle, 99450511, ola.maele@isfit.no 


Title: Public Display 
Description: Do you like to promote your ideas in public spaces? Would you like to see ISFiT21’s profile and identity spread across Trondheim’s cityscape? Then Public Display is the position you are looking for.
As Public Display at ISFiT you will be responsible for working on projects that will spread the message and public profile of the festival through Trondheim’s public spaces. Projects like painting the ISFiT logo on the city’s walls are examples of what you will be doing with your group. You are responsible for making sure that ISFiT21 and its featured theme of “Creating Knowledge” are on everyone’s mind as we move closer and closer to the festival. This experience will not only develop your creative skills but also ensure that you have a vital position in making sure that ISFiT is as well regarded as it can be.
No expertise or prior experience is needed for this job! You just need to be motivated and have a creative mind with a go-getter attitude. If you wish to ask questions or know more details about this position before you apply, feel free to contact the Head of Marketing at ISFiT21 over phone or via email. The rest of the team and I can’t wait to finally be working with you!
Ola Mæle, 99450511, ola.maele@isfit.no